Almost all nations have their own
states, all nations strive to create
their own state, the Russians are the only
large nation that has not created its own
national state. Good evening,
Zdorovenki, I’m from the city of Khmelnitsky,
Ukraine. You’re from the Moscow region, Russia, and
the Moscow region is more specific, Dmitrov
Dmitrov Dmitrov understood this, how many
kilometers from Moscow
Well  this is the Moscow region,
yes And where does the Moscow region end? I
just can’t figure it out. I’m interested. But I
also haven’t researched how  Moscow
region, Moscow region, a guy from
Smolensk told me that this is also the
Moscow region, I say
damn it, ESN thinks so,
I know the Moscow region, no more, but Well, I
should have asked if there were pure
experiments, so I asked, yes, well, I
understood everything, yes,
well, maybe you have some question,
no  It’s like I go to a zoo to
see monkeys Uh-huh and what a
fun time they
rush to chat that Russians as Nations
never existed.
In general, Russian lands in general, in principle, not well, that is,
but  when I, too, am not good at these In the
nations of the ethnic group and when the
Russian nation was formed You see, it’s not just
interesting In what year it was never
been, but it’s there, since it’s there, isn’t it?
No, well, there you are, Russians, that’s how
Russians live in Russia there  Tatars, Chechens,
for example, there are Russians, and when the
Russian nation appeared, you know this from the time even
before Kievan Rus, so Toda then there were
tribes named Rukh, there were no Poles or Slavs
so they weren’t tribes
Slav tribes were glades Drevlyans they
didn’t call themselves Russian Ukrainians the
Belarusians wouldn’t call themselves Kievan Rus,
so the country was called Rus not Kievan but
simply Rus Well, that is, the Drevlyans lived there, the glades Yes,
just like look,
your country is the Russian Federation  Yes,
but the Chechens, Buryats, Bashkorians live there, well,
yes, well, it’s logical. Cool, yes,
well, these are not Russians; look,
the country was Rome, so they are not  were the
Romans They were who the
tribe listen there were some were these same ones
were the Russians were the Latins were the Latins this is the
common name for the language not the Latins not the
tribe of the Latins were they fixed themselves
not Yes not this linguistic name there sme
was also that too there was
There really weren’t any Romans as a nation. There
weren’t any Romans, there weren’t any, and there weren’t any Ukrainians, and there
weren’t any Russians, and there weren’t any Poles. And now they have appeared. And
now there are me.
when the Russians appeared then it turns out as a nation of Rus', at least there were no Russians there Vladimir Rus Well, in general, there were nations and there was also a tribal system. What kind of nations were there? And the Ukrainians, when the Ukrainians appeared then, as uh, as a nation, and as a nation, somewhere in the 10th century it was formed as a nation some kind of nation already somewhere in the 18th century of the 19th century, if you look at the nation in the meaning of that time, there is no Russian yet, look I  I think that Russians as a nation
is how the Russian ethnicity was formed
somewhere
in the 15th century. Yes, but how a nation is still being formed
because the Russians do not have
their own state, so the nation is
being formed and acquiring its own state, the
Ukrainians have their own state,
Ukraine. At Paul’s He is 30  years is not correct,
but the Poles have their own state, the Hungarians have
their own, and the Russians don’t have their own state,
what kind of state does the Russian
nation have, that is, an empire, is not considered No,
this is Look, this is the state of everyone here
you have  The Russian Federation is like this. How is it
written in your Constitution that this is a
state of a multinational people of the
Russian
Federation Russians there, not that is,
Russians live there They live there in the Russian
Federation They
live for sure So the Russians live but
this is not a country or a country of Russians
the truth of the state I don’t understand  maybe the
Russian nation doesn’t have its own state,
some foreign state, well, it’s
some kind of common, look, this is a
common state for you, for different nations there are
Chechens, Russians, there’s a storm there, there’s something bad there, I
can’t understand anything  bad I’m just
asking Well, the Russians Don’t either or
not What do the Russians have too or not no no
you know why Because look,
most nations Chechens have a
nationality and they have their own republic
they have their own state because
Look They are part of the
Russian Federation  Federations Yes, look, they are
part of they, as a Republic, there is the
Chechen Republic as part of the
Russian Federation Buryatia Buryatia Yes, as
part of Russia and the Russian Republic
grew up Is somewhere part of
Russia  There is no RSFSR now, well, some
Vladimir region, for example, a
region Well, a region There live different
nations, that is, and that is,
again Well, I’m confused Well, look, look
Moscow - This is not a Russian city, this is a
multinational city Listen, you yourself
believe in everything, yes Well  so, look, the
Vladimir region is
multinational. That is, it is a common
region; there are no Russians there.
Where is it stated that the Vladimir region
is a region  rumer Donetsk is Ukraine
Well, there are Russians there and they live there,
but this is common for
Russians since the Constitution says
Ukrainian people. We say that
Ukrainian, you said
multinational, you want Crimea, there is
Russian there, not Ukrainian there, it is
Crimea there are Russians living there  the Greeks live the
Germans live yes there is Well, this means the
Russian year Well, that is, this is the country of Paradise in
which they live. U Vai region, we have a
unitary state, you have a federal one
you have a Federation of different republics, so
there is a republic, the Tatars have their own
republic, the Chechens have their own
republic, the Circassians have their own republic, the
Russians are not
Russians in the Russian Federation, they don’t
even have their own republic, even the Jewish Autonomous
Region
has Jews there, well, 10% of them
are there  but there is their subject, yes, that is,
they are expressed nationally. So where is the
Russian
republic it turns out no it turns out
no yes A  why is it that I can’t
understand why the Russians brought the
Russian Federation into the Russian Federation was understood
the republics
that
live there are
republics of
the region there is a republic of Bashkartastan
and Russians and Tatars and Bashkor live there, they do
n’t have anyone Why should the Russians understand the bliss I’m
telling you why there are Russian
people Yes  who do not have their own country, the
Bashkirs have their own country within the
Russian Federation, they have their own
republic. Well, this is the same state, a
separate proto-state,
yes Well  look, look, the Bashkir nation,
this is how
it realized its political will
Yes, in the form of the Republic of Bashkartastan Yes, there
is no Russa and there is no Russa to
do Well, I don’t know what needs to be done.
That is, for example, it is necessary for
Russians to have national self-awareness
grow and they proclaim some kind of
their own republic  so that
they have a state and kick everyone out of there. Why
kick them out? Well, look, well, here is the state of
Poland. The land doesn’t exist, that is,
the state of Poland is there. They didn’t kick everyone out.
There are no glades, neither a country nor a homeland, only Bashkirs, Buryats, Tatars, and Uzbeks live there. Well, you don’t have one, well, look Moscow Moscow is Who lives in Moscow What kind of people What nation is everything in a row, yes, that is, this is not a Russian city Yes, there are Sumerians That is, Moscow is It’s not a Russian city, it’s some kind of common city. So, wait, one nation lives in Kyiv. Well, Kyiv is a Ukrainian city. Many people live there.  Nations
Yes, but this is a Ukrainian city Well, Moscow
is a Russian city, not Russian Where is it
written down where it is written, for example, that
look in our Constitution it is written
that Russian, I understood
Russian, but not Russian, yes
And everything is what Americans call the nation
American nation  and there is a mixture of this,
yes, absolutely correctly, look in
America in America in America,
the Irish live in
Italy on a passport, yes no, here is an
American passport, American nation,
Americans no, look, this is citizenship, so it
turns out, maybe we’ll take it  The Irish are like that, the
Irish live in America Yes, for example,
too, but they have their own in their own
national state Ireland, the Germans
live in Auger as part of England This is
Great Britain, there is no Great Britain, only
Northern Ireland is a piece of
Ireland Oh well, Yes But here is the island of
Ireland and Scotland is part of the
United Kingdom  kingdoms Yes, that is, the
Scots don’t have their own
state, yes they are part of
another state While yes, like the Bashkor,
here Run and get them like  Russians are so
unfortunate, yes. That is, it turns out,
look
at all nations. Almost yes, all nations have their own
states, all nations strive to create
their own state, Russians are the only
large nation that has not created its own
national state, but a national state.
What does it look like, that is, you can live there,
Bashkirs, Tatars, of course Well,  look
in the National State of Poland, that
is, it must be called that this is a Russian
state and all this is a Russian
state, it says goodbye to the Russian nation
Yes, there is no need for transportation there,
look, let’s take the city of Grozny, this is
Chechen  Chechen city
Chechen Yes, it is very clearly stated The Republic of
Chechnya is a city there Yes Russian Yes not
Russian but Chechen Yes
what kind of nation are they Chechens Wars Chechens
Wars That is, they again don’t have their own
state or do they have their own
proto-state Well, proto-state
Well, look it turns out  everything is complicated Well,
yes, these nations are in the body of the
Russian Federation, they drink juice from it
Yes, but the Russians are like, uh,
construction workers  material for other Nations
turns out well, that is, if we
look, Moscow is the same for Ukrainians, well,
that is, Russians for Ukrainians are
also building material for those
who live for those who live in the
Russian Federation, the Ukrainians of the
Russian Federation also do not have their own
political obligation there. That’s when  -those were the zens of the
book And so on I think that yes, the Ukrainians
who live there in the Murmansk region in the
Tyumen
region in the Far East so they
recognize themselves as political Ukrainians
and even with the collapse of the Russian Federation, they will also proclaim some of their own Republics, collapse Collapse Well, yes Well, it’s logical Look, the thing is that if you don’t have your own republic, you have some incomprehensible areas somewhere, that means this is a common Armed Forces and everyone will come and sort out for yourself what you need, you say correctly, that is, we want to install it with bru, we want it, it’s time not Zakan Pama is broken And what [music] should we do after the SZ about Kyiv for the day of stories  about
it seemed like he turned out to be so sane, it seems That
is, you yourself understand what kind of ska Well,
when you said a fairy tale like about the zbruch,
but when you said the op I could barely restrain myself
not to laugh Well, the same thing about 3 days Well,
who who
will reach the oder we  we'll still have boots in the
Indian Ocean, wait like Renault, he's already
the one that the
person wanted, it's written and it
will be understood like that. Well, for example,
uh, how are you? uh, what kind of person are you? As I
understand it, you're a representative of the Russian nation, yes,
yes, and yourself  Where do your ancestors come from? From the
Kirov region, otherwise you’re not quite
Russian. And what am I, look at the
Kirov region, the Slavs are there.
Various Finno-Ugric tribes lived there before, lived there
in the Kirov region, yes. Come on,
let’s talk about the times of Kievan Rus, what
was the name of the Slavic tribe that lived  on the
territory of the Kirov region, I won’t say anything about it.
But look, I’m talking about the Mari, maybe the
Mari, so the Mari are a Finno-Ugric
people, they are not glorifying, I’m telling you  you are not
a Slav you what does that mean not you are just a
representative you are a Finnish group yes Finno-
Ugric yes No I speak
Russian Well yes say yes look for
example when Mexicans speak
Spanish now yes Or for example from
Senegal Africans speak
French They don’t melt  from this by the
French Yes no
no yes You are a representative of the Finnish-Ugric
people who adopted the Russian language
just yes And what’s the matter Well yes And
if there were always Russian Orthodox Christians
that’s how I remember Well they
identified themselves later
Russians, look, they lived there. Kyiv was so Kievan Rus, and the Ukrainians lived there; that’s not where the Polyane Drevlyans lived, the Ulichi Tivertsy. Here, on the territory of Ukraine, I can name these pna. Look, the northerners lived there; the Drevlyans, the Ulichi Tivertsy; the White Croats beat them there, and so on. Next Yes And what What did you call the Slavic tribe that lived on the territory of the Kirov region? I won’t say it wasn’t there didn’t live there. So if you  open the maps, uh, they depict
the settlement of the Slavs from the times of Kievan Rus,
yes, that is, there, all these Kirov
Vologda Cherepovets lived there, in short, the
Finno-Ugric different peoples, the
tribes who have now become Hungarians are
not the Hungarians, those who are the Hungarians, they are
closer to the Khanty and Mansi,
among the Ugrian Ugric people, they are related there  The Bulgarians
who migrated from the Volga, that is, the Bolga
and the Bulgarians - they are closer to  Chuvash But
they speak the Slavic language now, well, you
see Well, well, well, I don’t see
any contradictions. Well, look, no contradictions. The
Bulgarians will be Russian descendants of the Mari
who adopted the Russian language there. Well, I
say yes. That is, you are just a
representative of the Finno Mountain people
who forgot their  The Russian language took its roots
Well, there’s nothing wrong with that
I like the Russian language Well yes Well,
that’s right, look also the Bulgarians they
were from wax there Bulgaria was yes they had
relatives there the Chuvash for example were like that
they and the Tatars But they’re not closer to you, it seems to me. It
seems to me that there are a variety of Tartars, oh-oh, and it turns out that the
Bulgarians migrated but adopted
Slavic languages, and now they have a
Slavic language. Yes, and the Slavic group. Well,
there are some of them. Yes, but they honor their
history, they know the same thing.  Hungarians
they know where they came from and that
from there from the Urals like
oh-oh they spent a lot of money Yes, in
order to prove
This is how it
turns out, they just say there Yes, I’m
like Russian from such and such an area  but
when we start digging that there lived
different Finnish mountain tribes who, it
turns out, I’m not Russian, or what? Well,
not Russian, just
speak Russian now in the second or
third generation. And what should I
do at all? Do nothing. Just
look.  when a person is, for example, a
Bulgarian Well, well, he, uh, knows his roots,
what can he do with anything, but the Russians don’t
know Well, Russian, look, Russians, you know,
I’m not saying that he’s Russian - This is
now about a pure nation, it’s just Who
says there wasn’t any
There are no Poles or Turks, look, we have, of course, in our ethno the Turks who adopted the Slovenian language in In our ethnogenesis Yes, other Slavic peoples and ethnic groups also took part. What are the Poles like? Yes, and the Turkic peoples who are with us there, the Cumans, for example, the Pechenegs. They were in Rus' the Khazars were not the Khazars were no longer the Khazars Okay, the Khazars were a little earlier on the map of the Khazar Kaganate, that’s literally just Russia Where was where  Look, look,
Where would this itil be? Located
somewhere on the Volga on the Caspian Sea Well, in
Russia there was a Kazar Kaganate What are you telling me?
Okay in Russia Well, Crimea Well, Crimea there in
general The Greeks were all sorts of Goths Well,
not in Russia  In Ukraine, and in Ukraine,
itil means in Russia, well, itil, well, itil
on the Volga Yes, okay, the same thing, Prince
Svyatoslav once Yes, wait, come on  We’ll still
dig into the roots, it’s very interesting
Let’s not be Which is not us Look now at the
excavation what are you there yes yes look I The fact is
that I’m a genealogy coach
I find
roots for people you know I can you know as
Kozma Prutkov said Look at the root and the
problem of many  Russians found
Maris roots in me because I said that
this is not what you are talking about Mari. I’m not saying
that there are other Maris. I’ll take a look now,
let’s look in the territory  Kirov
region No, well, you define it by place of
origin Well, where from of course? And if
from St. Petersburg from St. Petersburg then Well,
your relatives weren’t from St. Petersburg, the
roots were true in St. Petersburg, they
originated in the St. Petersburg region, how did they
get to the Russian Empire didn’t stick to St.
Petersburg, how did they get to St. Petersburg, but it
didn’t either  indigenous This is amazing
Yes, you see Yes, probably from Ukraine by the way,
my last name is Vinokurov Look,
you are most likely you are most likely or  uh,
Vepsian or
Udmurt if by roots I know the Udmurts
and the Udmurts are more red-haired Yes, they are reddish,
it doesn’t quite look like an
Udmurt I have a surname Vinokurov Well,
so what surname Can anyone take and the
relatives are under the sums Well, so that the
surname was distributed later in the later years
times
Well, that is, they gave it out, why would they give
the moonshiners the last name or what kind of Kuznetsov is it?
Well, he just worked, he worked  there are
tyya in Ukraine not Why there were many distilleries where there
were distilleries of the Russian Empire there
were also distilleries Well, this production was
massive and interesting Well,
look, for example, you have this father and
mother who are from the Kirov region, they are from a
city there or someone in the village, listen
there are also Jews  they’re slipping, don’t let’s
come on, we’ll figure it out with them now. Well, how can
we figure it out if my maternal grandmother is
Jewish? Well, with my grandmother Pony, my
maternal grandmother is everything You  Vinokurov,
everything is clear That is, I’m Jewish Well, if I recognize
Jews on my mother’s side,
look, Jews, as far as I
know, Yes, they
recognize ethnicity On my
mother’s side, that is, if
you have a Jewish grandmother and mother, what are
you asking for, yes, for Jews, they
can identify you How are Jews  - this is
a nation, yes now it’s a nation, okay, but
why a nation with its own national
state? What’s
the problem, that is, there are Jews there, there are
Jews  European Russian
Jews Well, yes, there are different, yes, that
is, well,
Jews of Slavic roots, so look like this, if
we take that is, nation by state
will be determined by
state, nation forms a
state. This is how, for example, the Jewish
nation that was formed, it found
its state of Israel in 1948
there or in what
year the Ukrainian nation was formed,
found its own state, for example,
Kurdish Kurdish Yes, in Perm, and before
that in 1917, then in de short  the period is
short, yes, for example, how a nation
was formed but did not find its own
state. Yes, they are divided between
Syria,
Iraq, and Turkey, for example, and the
Russians as a nation were formed in the
process of formation, but did not find
their own state either, that is, they are divided
between
different peoples, as it were, and so it is  They
share the territory with them. What does this
mean at all, why study everything? Well, I
don’t
know that we understand the roots and
we understand. When we understand the roots, we
then rethink a lot. For example,
when you understand that you, for example, are not
Russian, but Mari  Yes, you look at it completely differently.
But what about
the feeling of self, there’s the feeling of self, well, look at the feeling of self. You
can know, uh, how you
met a girl like this, you yourself feel like
that, but in reality it’s not
like that, well, you understand me,
yes, this has happened to you  we really felt that
you were a real giant of thought there,
but it turned out like a school thinker No,
well, Okay, we found out there Cordi, there we
realized that I was not Russian, but a Mari there, or a
Jewish Mari Mari Jew and
look and  then you then
begin to have a completely different view of the world. Yes, then you
think I should support, for example,
a special operation in a foreign country, if I am from
Russian land, then Primru if the
Mari land is not about But
don’t look at the Mari Land there, but you see it now
wakes up This is Russian chauvinism
because chauvinism Yes, you cannot fully
understand yourself Mari Tom wait, don’t
run away No, you’re afraid because your ko
No now the spirit of ancestors the spirit of ancestors  beats
into your heart and you're afraid not you're afraid to
find out the truth about yourself I'm afraid
if you if you're from Mari
yes
and the buzz fried the man just a
bomb put plus that he got high like we
sbl from him this is imperial Greatness Yes he was
so daring then Yes and what So what
now it’s a pity it’s
become
shorter, give it a like, then delete the comment
for the video and in short, just
enjoy yourself Yes, that’s how you like it Russian Russian
Russian  check Where are you from, Russian, who are you,
once again, yes Well, not quite Russian and not
quite that,
but it’s all a thrill I’m in short, I got high, I just
let
your chat
unwind in short, yes Damn, I’m reading your Tsei chat
and I’m just
crazy, they write that the look of ice cream has roots of
Antarctica,
yes Well, that’s right Where did it come from?  There are 140
million Russians there. Yes, there are conditionally. That is, all
these nationalities. Yes, they were registered as
Russians, just like the Ukrainians in the
Soviet Union were registered as  Russians Yes,
and it turned out Yes, they signed up
a bunch of people into Russians Yes, and now they say
that there are 140 million Russians there, a letter to my
Telegram directly at once, the VN
axis apok tse even more and more politely YouTube Zaga
us through the skarg ODS in your ban and even more
richly video not  I show people sometimes I don’t
show information about streams so
that Mali can write an operational link
directly at the same time and Popik there in
telegram okrim video sche tezh tsikava and
korisna information and we are responsible for you trimati
postiyny operational link
nezalezhno in that chi show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
letter